{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16480\viewh19940\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
------------------------------------------\
\
HOME\
\
\'dall\
A conference about building great products\
30TH MARCH \'96 1ST APRIL 2015\
\
\'dall is a conference about building. We focus deeply on the attendee experience, bringing together talks, interviews, feature presentations and lots of social time.\
\
Our attendees go away having made new friends, potential partners, useful connections, knowledgeable confidantes. We care about building strong, valuable relationships.\
\
Killarney is at the heart of postcard Ireland, a place of natural beauty, charm and Irishness. With \'dall, we place Ireland very much as a backdrop to the conference, and Killarney resonates strongly as the \'93Ireland\'94 that people think of from abroad.\
\
The Europe Hotel & Resort in Killarney is the venue for \'dall 2015. This is a multi-award winning hotel and resort with stunning views overlooking the lakes of Killarney. It is a short taxi ride from the town of Killarney, which can be easily accessed from several of Ireland\'92s transport hubs.\
\
We bring the best speakers and attendees together for three days and nights of inspiration and discourse. And we have fun in a uniquely Irish way, with performances, great food and plenty of Guinness. \'dall is an opportunity to relax and enjoy the company of peers in one of the most beautiful locations in the world.\
\
\'dall is designed with the complete experience in mind. Check out our range of tickets and packages, and let us know if you have any questions. We\'92re looking forward to 2015 and to seeing you soon in Killarney.\
\
------------------------------------------\
\
SPEAKERS\
Speakers: Hand-picked to get the conversations started\
\
\'97For each speaker\'97\
\
[Name Surname]\
[Title] at [Company]\
[Biography c 40 words]\
\
------------------------------------------\
\
SCHEDULE\
\
\'97For each day\'97\
\
[Day]\
[Event] [Start Time]\'97[End Time]\
\
------------------------------------------\
\
PARTNERS\
\
\'97For each partner\'97\
\
[Logo Image with link]\
\
Since the first \'dall in 2012 we have worked with partners and sponsors who share our vision, and whose support makes the event possible. Get in touch if you want to connect with an engaged audience of the most creative and exciting designers, developers and inventors in the world.\
\
\
Eagr\'e1n Ticket Holders\
Our Eagr\'e1n ticket holders benefit from the most complete \'dall experience, and provide extra special support to us through their purchase. Learn more about our ticket options on the booking page.\
\
\'97For each Eagr\'e1n Ticket Holder\'97\
\
[Name Surname]\
[Company]\
\
\
------------------------------------------\
\
BLOG\
\
\'97For each Post\'97\
\
[Blog Entry Title]\
[Month] [Day], [Year] \
by [Name Surname]\
\
------------------------------------------\
\
BOOK NOW\
\
\'dall Ticket\
\'80645\
CONFERENCE ADMISSION\
Accommodation options available\
SELECT\
This is the \'dall ticket you know and love. It includes access-everything admission to the conference, which includes the sessions, informal Monday-night dinner, the \'dall show, all of the \'dall feature presentations on Tuesday, along with lunch, dinner and keynote on Tuesday.\
\
\'dall Eagr\'e1n Ticket\
\'801,999\
PATRONAGE PROGRAMME\
Eagr\'e1n is the ticket for \'dall superfans\
SELECT\
This year, we\'92re introducing EAGR\'c1N, our patronage programme. This ticket includes conference admission, transport from Dublin, 4 nights accommodation and dinner on Sunday and Wednesday. You\'92ll get every promotional item that we produce, and a special Eagr\'e1n-only welcome pack. If that wasn\'92t already enough, we\'92ll list your name, or a product or service of your choice, on our site.\
\
\
------------------------------------------\
\
FOOTER (All Pages)\
\
Partners\
Thank you to all of our wonderful sponsors for this year's event. Get in touch to become a partner or Eagr\'e1n ticket holder in 2015.\
\
\'97For each partner\'97\
\
[Logo Image with link]\
\
Stay up to date with new speaker announcements and offers: Join our mailing list!\
\
\
-FOOTER MENU-\
\
CODE OF CONDUCT\
\'daLL 2014/2013/2012\
FEEDBACK\
TWITTER\
\
------------------------------------------\
\
MAIN MENU (All Pages)\
\
HOME\
SPEAKERS\
SCHEDULE\
PARTNERS\
BLOG\
BOOK NOW\
\
\
\
\
}